I didn't.
Why did you resign?
Because this job is too exhausting.
There's a lot of pressure.
I slept very badly.
It has seriously affected my health.
What workload will I do for you?
How's it going?
Then I also have to resign.
Life is not in your mouth.
My autobiography isn't bad for you, is it?
You bother me like that.
Dear General Manager, I thank you very much for your help.
The money and gratitude I owe you, I will also try to pay back your female classmate.
That's it.
What are you doing, heroine?
Until now, you still can't feel my details?
Are you that hard of heart?
Don't talk shit, don't talk shit.
I won't talk nonsense anymore.
In my heart I know
You have a fiancee.
I'm the fiancee.
But we're not engaged.
But didn't you always want to marry your grandfather?
Do you want to disappoint him?
Before I met you
I don't like him very much.
But now in my heart
It's just you.
Maybe you took the wrong medicine today.
These words I don't seem to hear.
Get out.